nobody wrong oh don't
okay carry three yep hi little short for
a stormtrooper
well I guess you don't know everything
about women yet I love you
I know
[Music]
I love you I know hands up
Carrie Fisher 90 I think I am Princess
Leia and Princess Leia's made it's like
a mobius strip cheese so I think George
did get confused the less clothing on
women the more confused he is probably
in a good way
Gary's falling asleep Gary's board is
held holy magic I've never had someone
fall asleep during my inner day a real
long thank you
do you have any advice for the younger
members of the car
I've told Daisy not to go through the
crew like wildfire she just is the most
entertaining and shockingly funny person
you'll ever know
[Music]
when you get older and your celebrity
everything just calms down and you just
feel good about yourself and confident
all the time that's why people want to
be celebrities okay that's not true
Oh
[Music]
what's interesting is that when you get
Kerry going she still remembers all the
lines from the old films general Kenobi
years ago you served my father in the
Clone Wars well now he begs you to help
him in his field against the Empire I
regret that I am unable to present my
father's request you in person but my
has fallen under attack and I'm
afraid my mission to bring you to
Alderaan has failed I have placed
information vital to the survival of the
rebellion to the memory systems of this
r2 unit my father will know how to
retrieve it you must see this droid
safely delivered to him on Alderaan this
is our most desperate hour help me oh we
want cannoli I love these movies and
actually they've become better for me
now because I have a daughter and she
loves them
I love that Princess Leia was a very
strong woman and I doored how feisty
Carrie Fisher was I could really sense
and feel her fire and that was important
for me as a young girl to see that kind
of woman
[Music]
she's very sure of herself very funny
very together very worldly sleep on
victim no classes let4s Absa yep a
beaucoup de femme for don't Dali FEMA
[Music]
somebody has to save our skins
I love her and I love her when she
drives me crazy and I love her when she
makes me laugh she's just delightful
Cary's amazing unique person it's got an
incredible intellect she's got real
courage real gall gray
may the force be with you conclusion
their honor I hope I slept with you to
get the job because if not who the hell
was that guy
[Music]
what was the question